right then what's on this mysterious
third floor have a look and I must
remember not to blow myself up anymore
had done that to undo that like three
times in the past couple videos and yes
that's clearly I what I wanted to do
let's find some more void so I can go
into it with void entering or traveling
to avoid I don't know mining deck right
the vents are there and they're so I'm
gonna stand about here and hope nothing
comes to eat me I hope new monsters pop
out of me either way makes really cool
sounds like some clicking gears like
clickety clack you may go kick it rhythm
with it if you get a beat going like you
know I don't know I just think it sounds
pretty cool holy crap what is all this
fog
good lord no
Oh what's all that is not fair I can't
see him oh that new health I lost it
so let's fog to the ville se well fall
to the left of me and fall to the right
I could get down the middle with the
monsters I don't know
does Jill get fog don't bloody think so
she has grenade launchers that's pretty
good stuff I don't even get that well i
got my launcher which actually blows me
up and monsters that have like minds for
hands i don't know how that'd be useful
hello good sir may I remove an item of
your clothing I'm like leaving a mean
arm or legs good stuff also I saw you
over there you wanker what did I imagine
it I imagined it clearly oh my god get
away from me this is such a waste of a
lie I don't actually want to do this
actually I know I'm not gonna waste yo
I'll just do that right don't know what
you picked up probably think cool that
goes up it doesn't want me to go there
yet it doesn't want me to be in here why
not what's wrong with here I thought he
was very nice actually I mean that way
as a workbench why is your work better
as a workbench like up to this side
and a safe weight in the middle of
nowhere I shall use this because I'm
gonna save a holic there we go
your safety is in your hands well no
around here hasn't he hadn't left so
that's kind of a mute point oh I lie
there's some hands safety is in my hands
except he's flipping is he flipped me
off no he's not because if you were
enough to like dispose you down there oh
do you know you're not gonna make me run
all the way back and bring that power no
thing he are you that I've gotta like
obviously bring oh I hate you fine was
that safe point oh hello processing luck
supervisors second engineer Dallas
reporting this will be my last report
I've seen what they do to the bodies but
they become I can't let that happen to
me at least if I don't have any limbs I
won't be able to kill anyone when I'm
infected please hold on and the kids
that I love him that man has the mesle
you need to do that that is hard I mean
help you've got to not drop the gun
you've just you know short you you just
used to shoot yourself with that's
pretty tough
oh my god what what what was the problem
I'm gonna hate this class to bring this
back again I'll throw this at you
whenever you are I'll throw at you I'll
hurt oh except you
fine
to where they came from and let's assume
they came out the vents can i ah I don't
properly up with you we go get down you
people need to stop relying on so much
electricity a couple of ladders when the
go miss Ashley know after fair i don't
like ladders no I'm a she actually on
the bays are good I'm doing with the
elevator cool
this sounds promising a big open n
dakota right what's going to come out
and try and make me because I know
something is I know you'll like you evil
perhaps okay oh there's goodies as I
miss it I don't know heard it missing
the earlier ones well Iraq oh god this
thing's everywhere oh wait that's not
good it's giving me like a billion
stasis packs that is definitely not good
a mining timetable Planet crack went
smoothly from this end although although
I've took I can't hear anything God hold
on I need to turn the actual volume down
so I can read this there we go although
they do seem to have been problems
planetside and we've temporarily lost
contact with the colony first rock balls
extracted from the tectonic load
approximately one after the one hour
after the planet crack and has been
processed refined and smelted was also
exceeded that girl this is this actually
necessary ultimate optimistic in initial
estimates normal recovery is around
normal recovery is around thirty-five
percent mineral five-cent fossil 6f
waste the material from the first ball
sixty-five percent mineral and 0% fossil
in line with expectations at 6.5 tons of
ore from a 10-ton ball she must it it's
not anomaly we hit them another hit the
mother lode or except my volley back on